# Application

# Blockchain for federated learning toward secure distributed machine learning systems: a systemic survey

> [Dun Li](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s00500-021-06496-5#auth-Dun-Li) et al. [link](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s00500-021-06496-5)

Federated learning (*FL*) is a promising decentralized deep learning technology, which allows users to update models cooperatively without sharing their data. *FL* is reshaping existing industry paradigms for mathematical modeling and analysis, enabling an increasing number of industries to build privacy-preserving, secure distributed machine learning models. However, the inherent characteristics of *FL* have led to problems such as privacy protection, communication cost, systems heterogeneity, and unreliability model upload in actual operation. Interestingly, the integration with Blockchain technology provides an opportunity to further improve the *FL* security and performance, besides increasing its scope of applications. Therefore, we denote this integration of Blockchain and *FL* as the Blockchain-based federated learning (*BCFL*) framework. This paper introduces an in-depth survey of *BCFL* and discusses the insights of such a new paradigm. In particular, we first briefly introduce the *FL* technology and discuss the challenges faced by such technology. Then, we summarize the Blockchain ecosystem. Next, we highlight the structural design and platform of *BCFL*. Furthermore, we present the attempts ins improving *FL* performance with Blockchain and several combined applications of incentive mechanisms in *FL*. Finally, we summarize the industrial application scenarios of *BCFL*.

# Blockchain-based Federated Learning: A Comprehensive Survey

> Zhilin Wang et al. [link](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.02182.pdf)

With the technological advances in machine learning, effective ways are available to process the huge amount of data generated in real life. However, issues of privacy and scalability will constrain the development of machine learning. Federated learning (FL) can prevent privacy leakage by assigning training tasks to multiple clients, thus separating the central server from the local devices. However, FL still suffers from shortcomings such as single-point-failure and malicious data. The emergence of blockchain provides a secure and efficient solution for the deployment of FL. In this paper, we conduct a comprehensive survey of the literature on blockchained FL (BCFL). First, we investigate how blockchain can be applied to federal learning from the perspective of system composition. Then, we analyze the concrete functions of BCFL from the perspective of mechanism design and illustrate what problems blockchain addresses specifically for FL. We also survey the applications of BCFL in reality. Finally, we discuss some challenges and future research directions.

# Distributed Machine Learning for Multiuser Mobile Edge Computing Systems

> Yinghang Guo et al. [link](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/9670674)

In this paper, we investigate a distributed machine learning approach for a multiuser mobile edge computing (MEC) network based on a cognitive eavesdropping environment, where multiple secondary devices (SDs) have some tasks with different priorities to be computed. The SDs can be allowed to use the wireless spectrum as long as the interference to the primary user is tolerated, and an eavesdropper in the network can overhear the confidential message from the SDs, which threatens the data offloading. For the considered system, we firstly present three optimization criteria, whereas criterion I aims to minimize the linear combination of latency and energy consumption, criterion II tries to minimize the latency under a constraint on the energy consumption, and criterion III is to minimize the energy consumption under a constraint on the latency. We then exploit a federated learning framework to solve these optimization problems, by optimizing the offloading ratio, the bandwidth and computational capability allocation ratio. Simulation results are finally demonstrated to show that the proposed method can effectively reduce the system cost in terms of latency and energy consumption, and meanwhile ensure more bandwidth and computational capability allocated to the user with a higher task priority.

