# Normal Survey

## From Distributed Machine Learning to Federated Learning: A Survey

> Ji Liu et al. [link](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14362.pdf)

In recent years, data and computing resources are typically distributed in the devices of end users, various regions or organizations. Because of laws or regulations, the distributed data and computing resources cannot be aggregated or directly shared among different regions or organizations for machine learning tasks. Federated learning emerges as an efficient approach to exploit distributed data and computing resources, so as to collaboratively train machine learning models. At the same time, federated learning obeys the laws and regulations and ensures data security and data privacy. In this paper, we provide a comprehensive survey of existing works for federated learning. First, we propose a functional architecture of federated learning systems and a taxonomy of related techniques. Second, we explain the federated learning systems from four aspects: diverse types of parallelism, aggregation algorithms, data communication, and the security of federated learning systems. Third, we present four widely used federated systems based on the functional architecture. Finally, we summarize the limitations and propose future research directions.

## A Survey on Distributed Machine Learning

> Joost Verbraeken et al. [link](https://dl.acm.org/doi/abs/10.1145/3377454)

The demand for artificial intelligence has grown significantly over the past decade, and this growth has been fueled by advances in machine learning techniques and the ability to leverage hardware acceleration. However, to increase the quality of predictions and render machine learning solutions feasible for more complex applications, a substantial amount of training data is required. Although small machine learning models can be trained with modest amounts of data, the input for training larger models such as neural networks grows exponentially with the number of parameters. Since the demand for processing training data has outpaced the increase in computation power of computing machinery, there is a need for distributing the machine learning workload across multiple machines, and turning the centralized into a distributed system. These distributed systems present new challenges: first and foremost, the efficient parallelization of the training process and the creation of a coherent model. This article provides an extensive overview of the current state-of-the-art in the field by outlining the challenges and opportunities of distributed machine learning over conventional (centralized) machine learning, discussing the techniques used for distributed machine learning, and providing an overview of the systems that are available.

## Performance Analysis and Comparison of Distributed Machine Learning Systems

> Salem Alqahtani et al. [link](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02061.pdf)

Deep learning has permeated through many aspects of computing/processing systems in recent years. While distributed training architectures/frameworks are adopted for training large deep learning models quickly, there has not been a systematic study of the communication bottlenecks of these architectures and their effects on the computation cycle time and scalability. In order to analyze this problem for synchronous Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) training of deep learning models, we developed a performance model of computation time and communication latency under three different system architectures: Parameter Server (PS), peer-to-peer (P2P), and Ring allreduce (RA). To complement and corroborate our analytical models with quantitative results, we evaluated the computation and communication performance of these system architectures of the systems via experiments performed with Tensorflow and Horovod frameworks. We found that the system architecture has a very significant effect on the performance of training. RA-based systems achieve scalable performance as they successfully decouple network usage from the number of workers in the system. In contrast, 1PS systems suffer from low performance due to network congestion at the parameter server side. While P2P systems fare better than 1PS systems, they still suffer from significant network bottleneck. Finally, RA systems also excel by virtue of overlapping computation time and communication time, which PS and P2P architectures fail to achieve.

